Got photos and descriptions of dogs.

Gloria:
Second time mama, excellent temperment good natured BIG girl.

Monty:
This boy was brought in to startr a new program of stud work. You'' notice he's real thick  in the chest. Just now 2 years old in 
the photos.

Virginia:
A real sweet heart was breed before, throws a solid litter.

Gringo:
Big, black, very loving, and extremely good natured. Everyone should have a male like him!

Connie:
Another loving and sweet dispositioned female.

Renegade:
Young male not even a year old, showing a lot of promise. Would be an excellent hunter if he was trained.

Hank: The senioer of the group at 12 years old Hank is still hanging out. No longer use Hank as a stud due to his age but we enjoy having him around.

Onyx:
Hanks roommate, belongs to my partner jaun carlos, another happy outgoing personality has not been breed yet.

Iris:
Young female, comes from here! Will stay with Jo Ann until done growing at 2 years old.

Jo Ann:
Rooming with Iris, will stack together until done growing at 2 years old. Comes from another kennel.

Apache [JR]:
Our youngest male, in from another kennel.

Alyce:
This little girl comes from another kennel, being raised  with apache as a playmate.

Cemone:
She is Gringo's sister, oldest of my females, excellent excellent temperment!

Black Babbee:
A yearling, she is her mothers daughter. Inquisitive and highly intelligent, can't wait to breed her!

---
Puppy Pictures, place them around.

The blacks section, will have the DNA report and see about doing the pictures all around the border.

My partner Jaun Carlos Loberia page
will post his photos we've been set.

At the very bottom of the page.
It's been a pleasure and I hope that you enjoyed everything you saw here! We worked very hard to bring you the finest that can be brought.
---

Payments
Able to do on puppy, deposit or make a payment.

Now call Annie Johnson 715 number.

---
Domain name 

theairedalesofsouthernROC.com

Need to get with James.

Direct James to southern for payment.

Need to add shed photos to the page.